shorten file names (#15180)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/modernize-with-azure-containers/modernize-existing-apps-to-cloud-optimized/modernize-ci-cd-pipelines-devops-tools.md

Figure 4-12 shows a continuous deployment pipeline that deploys to a Kubernetes cluster in Azure Container Service.

> ![Screenshot of Azure DevOps Services deploying to a Kubernetes cluster.](./media/modernize-ci-cd-pipelines-devops-tools/deploy-mvc-app-container-kubernetes.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of Azure DevOps Services deploying to a Kubernetes cluster.](./media/life-cycle-ci-cd-pipelines-devops-tools/deploy-mvc-app-container-kubernetes.png)
```
